Fix 01-installation lab (#59)
acend/openshift-4-ops-training: content/en/docs/01/01_installation.md

See the [OpenShift installation documentation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-customizations.html#installation-configuration-parameters_installing-aws-customizations) for a list of available parameters.

> It is best practices to create a timestamped directory for each cluster installation, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is best practice to create a timestamped directory for each cluster installation, for example:
```

```bash
cd /home/ec2-user/ocp4-ops
mkdir $(date +"%Y-%m-%d")
```

> Create a file called `install-config.yaml` in the previously created directory on the bastion host, add the following parameters and change the values of `metadata.name` and `platform.aws.userTags.user` to reflect your username +username+. Additonally, add an SSH key (create a new key pair if needed) and the `pull-secret` (available at `~/ocp4ops/pull-secret` on the bastion host) for the installer to be able to pull all necessary images from the Red Hat container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file called `install-config.yaml` in the previously created directory on the bastion host, add the following content and change the values of `metadata.name` and `platform.aws.userTags.user` to reflect your username +username+.
Additonally, add an SSH key (use an existing keypair or create a new one if needed) and the `pull-secret` (available at `~/ocp4ops/pull-secret` on the bastion host) for the installer to be able to pull all necessary images from the Red Hat container registry.
```
